# SkipTheCart Vision Statement

Original GitLab session(Internal access): https://code.cs.umanitoba.ca/comp3350-summer2018/trACEroute.git

SkipTheCart will be an application that provides Winnipeg shoppers the
opportunity to browse, order and have same-day delivery of fresh and packaged
grocery items from the store to their homes or places of business.

The application will present a virtual storefront to customers, which allows
them to browse available grocery items, add and remove them from their shopping
order and complete payment for their selected items. Upon completion of the
transaction, customers will be able to view the status of their orders, as well
as monitor the progress of their delivery. Once delivered, customers will also
have the option of rating their purchased items on a 5-point rating scale from
within the application. These ratings will be seen by other customers and can
assist them when deciding on making a purchase. Consequently, this information
can also help the store determine the overall quality of the items being sold,
which can then be used to improve the product selection available to customers
in the future.

SkipTheCart will also feature multiple views that correspond to different user
types. While customers will require only a storefront view, store employees will
use a view that allows them to fulfill their respective employee duties. Store
managers and their employees will be able to add, remove and modify merchandise
items, fill and track individual orders and view aggregate sales data. It will
also allow couriers to view the intended destination of the orders, as well as
confirm their delivery. Furthermore, couriers can be provided additional details
for their assigned deliveries (such as customer contact information or special
instructions). Assigning and restricting these views to different user types
will require varying levels of security for each user of the application.

SkipTheCart will be initially released as a mobile application, but its
implementation should be sufficiently flexible as to allow a web-based interface
to be added at a later time.

This application will grant Winnipeg's busy residents and businesses (such as
restaurants) the ability to purchase the groceries they need, without the hassle
of contending with the traffic congestion, crowds and line-ups they too often
face. By using SkipTheCart, the customers will have more free time and less
stress, which can improve their social lives or productivity at their places of
work. Moreover, the application allows grocery purchases to be transacted
without the overhead of maintaining a physical storefront or employing cashiers
and shelf stockers, leading to savings that can be passed on to the customer.

This project will be deemed as a success if at least half of the customers
served prefer and continue using SkipTheCart over traditional supermarkets (as
determined by survey) and if operating costs are 10% lower than the average
Winnipeg supermarket chain (after a period of 6 months from initial release).
